Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
And now we're gonna have a look at another use for the workbook open.
And that is to display a splash screen when the workbook opens.
Okay,
so I'm in this workbook and I've already chosen workbook,
and you can see by default we have the workbook open.
But now what we need to do is create a splash rings I'm gonna come to insert.
I'm gonna choose user form.
And you can say that we have a new object added under the fold of forms which is called
user Form One.
Now,
to change the caption in use of form one,
we're going to come to the properties down to here where it saves caption.
I'm just gonna type welcome,
exclamation point and enter.
And no,
what we want to do is add a message on the here.
Now,
if you cannot see your toolbox and you'll know it when you say it's come up to view and
choose toolbox if this box here isn't available And here are all the different things that
you can add to your user for what we're gonna do issues this one,
which is just a label and We're just gonna add a box here on.
But I didn't mean to double click.
I'm gonna delete that,
cause I don't want to do anything with it on.
I'm gonna come back to here,
which is gonna let me view the object.
So here,
slowly,
double clicking.
I want to say Welcome to my jazzy spreadsheets.
Exclamation point on.
Now to change the text on this,
I'm just going to select the text on I'm gonna change the properties to categorized.
Now,
if you want to change the funds,
you can scroll down to here too.
The fund Let me scroll down a little more fund.
Choose this little the ellipsis here on here.
I can say bald on 16 and I'm going to say OK,
so now that's a lot bigger.
So I'm just gonna resize that form.
They goes,
that's going to be more appropriate on were slowly DoubleClick in here.
And then I want to change the color of the text and they're the color of the text lives in
in categories appearance and four color.
So they just click on here.
That's slightly out to shot.
Let's see if I can drag that up a little bit,
Bambi.
One a second.
Hopefully,
you'll be able to see that now a little bit better.
So I'm gonna choose Palace,
and I'm gonna choose red,
and you can see that our text is no gone red.
Now,
the last thing I want to do is send to this.
So I'm just gonna scroll down to behavior and you can see text align on in text the line.
I'm gonna choose center So they go.
That is our use of film built.
Now all we need to do in the workbook open is call.
It's now.
Remember,
if we go back to alphabetical,
the first thing we see here is the name which is in brackets is called user form one.
So I'm just gonna come back to this workbook and I'm gonna say Use a form one dot show and
that's all I'm gonna say.
I'm gonna hit,
save on.
I'm gonna close that and I'm gonna close that.
Andi,
there's nothing we were looking at in the last lecture.
Okay?
And now I'm gonna open that file again.
I notice what happens.
There you go.
Welcome to my jazzy spreadsheet.
And the judge is not gonna be able to do any sort of speaking while it was entering the use
.
That isn't going to be able to do anything until they close this as can be seen by the when
you try to put the spreadsheet.
So here they close,
then everything's good on your away again.
Okay,
We're gonna have a look at this in a little more detail in the next lecture where we're
gonna also add a user log to this.
OK,
I'll see you in the next lecture.